it's mark Wiens I am in Saigon Vietnam
and I am sitting down for a bowl another
bowl of noodles but this is a bit of a
different type of noodle and a bit of a
different it's almost like a stew and
it's called bun cotton cool
okay come on come on
I have just ordered up my bowl of
noodles and they are really really like
thick they almost look like food on
Japanese food on noodles they are thick
and look very like look very kind of
sticky and jelly ish but then the main
the main component of this bowl of
noodles is the soup and which is crab
based so it's almost like it's almost
like a gravy style of a broth
there's some pork here's a quail leg I
have no idea what that is
instead of mushroom I'm mushroom but
then there's there's some nice crab over
here there's a big prawn lump of of
congealed pig's blood or maybe I'm not
sure what type of blood actually about
congealed blood and then this might be
like a I have no idea but it's some kind
of crab maybe a crap meatball or
something like that and then it's topped
with a handful of green onions and some
black pepper
we just taste the soup first
well that is like that is like crap
flavored gravy
oh that's that's not marvelous but they
have a big nice basket of limes and then
chilies for garnish so I'm gonna I'm
gonna squeeze in some lime first squeeze
in that that lime juice add in a nice
scoop of
this kind of looks like yeah this might
be green and red chilies I guess add in
some chili just sort of world at all
look at that I'm going in for okay let
me grab a piece of big crab try to slurp
down some of the noodles
oh the noodles are very slippery
I think the noodles might actually be
made of tapioca starch but they are
they're really slippery and really soft
and and really kind of sticky but really
good
and that piece of crap that boneless
piece of crap was amazing
many people are also eating with a
Chinese doughnut so this is a Chinese
doughnut that has been sliced up already
and I'm gonna dip it into the soup I'm
just gonna dip it up into that gravy
oh yeah that's like bread and gravy crap
gravy that's wonderful
okay I'm gonna move in for this it's
like crab meatball
that's good yeah that's like a that's
like a crab hot dog in a random shape or
in like a crab jig yeah that's really
good I can do onions in there and garlic
and then with that with that crab soup
that crab gravy I'm kind of coating it
that's awesome awesome
you've really got to kind of use your
chopsticks and your spoon at the same
time because these noodles could
literally slip out of your bowl if
you're not careful they're slow slighty
look at that beautiful pipe with crab
and noodles in gravy Oh beautiful
all right shrimp
can't go wrong with shrimp I just
finished slurping down all those noodles
actually kind of like almost sucking
sucking down those noodles but they're
so slippery you can just kind of like
slurp them up and they go down so easily
but that that is a winning dish indeed
if you love crab soup it actually almost
ate more like more like a stew than a
soup noodles because the the gravy is
very thick and I have to say those those
chunks of boneless crab we're the
highlight of the bowl that was just
wonderful but I want to say a huge thank
you to all of you who recommended that I
try this restaurant fantastic
recommendation this is definitely a
wonderful place to try punkin kua if you
ever visit Saigon ah so huge thank you
for the recommendation remember to give
this video a thumbs up leave a comment
below and ya'll subscribe if you haven't
already subscribed and i'll see you on
the next food video